FIXUP: Existing object replication is on by default (#1206)
minio/docs: source/administration/bucket-replication.rst

Replication of Existing Objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MinIO by default replicates existing objects in the source bucket to the configured remote. 

> Existing object replication marks all objects or object prefixes that satisfy the replication rules as eligible for synchronization to the source cluster, *even if* those objects were created prior to configuring or enabling replication. 

Reviewer: I keep thinking this should be two sentences, but not coming up with an alternative I like better. Something to contemplate? 🤔

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default object replication marks all objects or object prefixes that satisfy the replication rule as eligible for synchronization to the target cluster.
This means that objects created prior to configuring or enabling bucket replication are marked for synchronization to the target cluster by default bucket replication configurations.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, we say "source cluster" when I think we mean "target cluster".

You can disable existing object replication while configuring or modifying a replication rule.

> You must specify *all* desired replication features during creation or modification:

Reviewer: Maybe also explicitly say that an updated configuration _replaces_ the previous? Just to make it as clear as possible that you can't incrementally edit a list of rules.
